Proof update srm (#1080)
FredHutch/wiki: _dasldemos/proof-how-to.md

> Initially, setting up a PROOF Server may take a few minutes as it configures the database and performs background tasks. Once it's ready to receive workflows, it will begin listening for instructions via the Shiny app or other methods (discussed later). Please allow 2-3 minutes for setup the first time; subsequent setups will be faster, typically around 1 minute.

There will be two sections of information that you would like to pay attention to which should be populated with details that will be relevant. These details may take a moment to appear on the page, even if your server is already running.

**Server information**
- Job status: it should say "RUNNING"
- Workflow log directory: Gives you the path to where your workflow logs will reside
- Scratch directory: Gives you the path to where your workflow outputs will go

> - Server-time: It tells you how long your PROOF Server will be "alive". By def  bnault this is set to 7 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Server-time: It tells you how long your PROOF Server will be "alive". By default this is set to 7 days
```
Accidental keyboard graze?
